
Home page:
    On the home page you can navigate to the help page, the deep learing page 
    and the renforced learning page using the corresponding button you can 
    return to this page at anytime
Deep Learing:
    On this page a deep neural network will atempt to guess a handwritten drawn
    digit.
    You are required to draw a single digit using the mouse/trackpad and clicking
    down and draging over the black square.
    You can clear any drawings you make by using the "clear" button.
    The network has been trained to analysis data where the digits take up most
    of the canvas so it is recomended that you draw these digits big and take
    up most of the canvas to increase the chances of the network getting it right
    To leave this page click on the "home" button
Renforced Learning:
    On this page you are able to witness a generational renforced learning algorthm
    learn and adapt to changes.
    This algorithm's goal is to get to the circle on the opposite side of the map.
    It does this by creating a population of 10-1000 "brains" which make move a
    random direction every tick.
    The brains that got the closes to the goal are most likely to reproduce.
    The babys of these brains will create the next generation and will have a %
    of their movements different to the parrent.
    The cycle will then repeat until and the population should keep getting closer.
    The colour of the 'brain' is determined by their parent's colour
    You are able to use sliders to change the population size, which determines 
    how many are created in the next generation, the randomness, which determines
    how much the babys differ from the parents and the speed which will change how
    often the movemnets are shown, making it more choppy but faster.
    You can draw obstacles by clicking down the mouse and draging to the other corner
    of the rectangle, this will block any brains from coming through and cause them
    to adapt
    To leave this page click on the "home" button
